3.0.0: Add changelog (#792)
Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [3.0.0] - 2023-09-05

This release requires [WordPressCS 3.0.0](https://github.com/WordPress/WordPress-Coding-Standards/releases/tag/3.0.0). It is not compatible with WordPressCS 2.x. Users should read the [WordPressCS 3.0 upgrade guide for end-users](https://github.com/WordPress/WordPress-Coding-Standards/wiki/Upgrade-Guide-to-WordPressCS-3.0.0-for-ruleset-maintainers).

Increases requirements for PHPCS from 3.7.1 to 3.7.2.

### Fixed
- [#784](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/784): Performance/WPQueryParams: prevent false positives for `'exclude'` with `get_users()`.
- [#788](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/788): Security/Mustache: prevent false positives on block editor templates.

> ### WordPressCS 3.0 Compatibility

Reviewer: Should this be "Added" (and at the top as the most important change) ?

> - [#744](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/issues/744): WPCS: 3.0 `merge_custom_array()`.

Reviewer: This was fixed as part of #779. Does this warrant an explicit separate entry ?

- [#777](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/777): 3.0: start using PHPCSUtils.
- [#779](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/779): 3.0: support WordPressCS 3.0.

### Maintenance
- [#778](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/778): CS: improve use statements.
- [#780](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/780): Performance/WPQueryParams: defer to the parent sniff.
  - Two error codes changed:
    - `WordPressVIPMinimum.Performance.WPQueryParams.PostNotIn` is now `WordPressVIPMinimum.Performance.WPQueryParams.PostNotIn_post__not_in`.

>     - `WordPressVIPMinimum.Performance.WPQueryParams.SuppressFiltersTrue` is now `WordPressVIPMinimum.Performance.WPQueryParams.SuppressFilters_suppress_filters`.

Reviewer: Should this be in a "Changed" section ? (as it is a functional change with a BC break)

- [#781](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/781): Performance/NoPaging: add extra tests.
- [#782](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/782): GH Actions: minor tweaks to the composer options used.
- [#783](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/783): Hooks/AlwaysReturnInFilter: remove redundant condition.
- [#785](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/785): Docs: remove redundant `@package` tags.
- [#786](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/786): Add PHPStan to QA checks.
- [#787](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/787): GH Actions: tweak the way the PHPCS/WPCS versions are set.
- [#789](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/789): Updates related to branch rename from `master` to `main`.
- [#790](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/790): PHPUnit: Use 7.5 schema.
- [#791](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/791): Docs: Update `CONTRIBUTING.md`.

### Removed

> - [#774](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/issues/774): Performance/BatcacheWhitelistedParams: remove the sniff.
> - [#775](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/issues/775): Compatibility/Zoninator: remove the sniff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#774](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/774): Performance/BatcacheWhitelistedParams: remove the sniff.
- [#775](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/775): Compatibility/Zoninator: remove the sniff.
```

Or link to the underlying issues - #612 for Zoninator, #613 for Batcache.

> - [#776](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/issues/776): Variables/VariableAnalysis: remove the sniff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#776](https://github.com/Automattic/VIP-Coding-Standards/pull/776): Variables/VariableAnalysis: remove the sniff.
    This VIPCS native version of the sniff was previously already replaced by the more comprehensive external `VariableAnalysis` standard.
```

Re: the link - underlying issue would be #496 if you prefer to link to the issue.
